Update guide-import-zip.md (#3663)
larshp/abapGit: docs/guide-import-zip.md

order: 10
---

## Download zip archive ## 

> Offline projet is based on a zip archive that contains all the git files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An offline project is based on a zip archive that contains all the git files.
```

> First download latest version of the projet you want to import. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, download the latest version of the project you want to import. 
```

* For GitHub :

>    1. Go to the projet main page (eg. https://github.com/larshp/abapOpenChecks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Go to the project main page (e.g. https://github.com/larshp/abapOpenChecks)
```

   2. Select **Code** > **Download ZIP**
   3. Save file

## Import zip archive ##
1. Connect to SAP in language **EN**
2. Run abapGit:

>   * You have installed standalone version : in transaction `SA38`, run the program you created  (`ZABAPGIT_STANDALONE` or `ZABAPGIT_FULL` or other)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If you have installed the standalone version : in transaction `SE38`, run the program you created  (`ZABAPGIT_STANDALONE` or `ZABAPGIT_FULL` or other)
```

>   * You have installed developper version : call transaction `ZABAPGIT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * You have installed the developer version : run transaction `ZABAPGIT`
```

3. Select **+ Offline**

> 4. Enter projet name and select existing package or create new package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter the project name and select an existing package or create a new package
```
